I say it and I repeat it,
people over 70 years old have to be killed, man,
this would not be hate speech,
everyone has to be killed. I mean, of course
I would be included in this format,
factors, factors, I think he's talking
about the issue of saving, eh, if I
'm not missing the point. I'm not trying to
grasp what the argument he
's trying to give is that, well,
now we save according to him because I
imagine he lived in that time or
that life was better under Franco. No, in the end,
what he's saying, I understand that what he
's trying to say is that now
people can't save because, of course,
because houses are very expensive and I don't know what
very expensive is. And then someone comes along,
no, an old man comes along and says, man, of
course, you buy yourself something, you don't
buy yourself a treat like a coffee at
Starbucks. You're making analogies and you
're comparing things that sincerely have nothing to do
with each other,
with the arguments, then a guy will come along
who is 950 years old and is a [ __ ]
mentally [ __ ] person and bought a house
for a pork sandwich and a hug and they'll
tell you no, but it's  that young people
today buy a coffee at Starbucks And
your great son bought a house
with three months' salary Well, I do
n't know where you get the idea that you
bought houses with a sandwich, of course, or
rather you